# CS-Program_Portfolio Automated Course List
- The task that needed to be solved in this project is multi-layered one. This program needs to be able to extract a schedule of college courses and their prerequisites from a text file then load up the courses into a data structure, in this case a vector. After the courses are loaded into a a vector the user can choose to print out the courses in alphanumeric order. The user can also choose to search for a course in the list. If this is the case, the program will go through the entire course list and if a match is found then the program will print out the course name, number and prequisites.
- I chose to approach the project utilizing vectors. I felt like creating a vector was the most natural way to go to store the courses along with their info. The vector I used is a vector that's made up of a customized strucutes names "Course". Each "Course" structure contains a course number, course number, and course prerequisites. Data structures are important to understand because most companies and large scale project use these structures in order to optimize time and space complexity.
- Any time I got stuck or needed to over come a road block, I got up and took a break from being in front of a computer. Taking a breath or just taking a break helps my mind reset so I can look at the issue I'm facing with a fresh perspective.
- This project helped me expand my approach to designing software by drafting out multiple solutions to the program I want to create and factoring in the pros/cons of each solution.
- This project evolved the way I write programs by furthering fortifying my object-oriented programming principles and now including efficient data structures in my code.
